Update documentation with info about job script collection. (#222)
ubccr/xdmod-supremm: docs/supremm-jobscript.md

> The job viewer tab in XDMoD is able to show the job batch script along

Reviewer: I've been trying to always use "Open XDMoD" and not "XDMoD" for branding purposes.  Do you think it's worth doing that everywhere for consistency?

Author: Yep

with the other job information. The job batch scripts are stored in the
database using the `ingest_jobscripts.py` script. This script is
packaged with the [Job Summarization software](supremm-processing-install.md).

> The job script ingestion is an optional feature. It is _not_ required for XDMoD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Job batch script ingestion is an optional feature. It is _not_ required for XDMoD
```

or maybe "The ingestion of job batch scripts ..."

to display job performance information.

The mechanism for extracting the job batch script is resource manager specific. Consult the
documentation for your resource manager software for information about

> how to enable logging of the batch script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to enable logging of the job batch scripts.
```

## Source data schema

In order to ingest the script data into XDMoD the job scripts must be stored in files. There

> must be one file per job and the jobs for a given day should be stored in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be one file per job and the job batch scripts for a given day should be stored in a
```
